# Product specific proposed leads for life insurance to ETB customers

ABOUT THE PROJECT:
The primary aim of this internship project is to develop a predictive model for identifying potential leads who are highly likely to show interest in the insurance product of the bank and predicting which product they are most likely to buy. In our pursuit of this objective, we have harnessed the power of machine learning classification algorithms, deploying both Random Forest Classification and Decision Tree Classification algorithms for this specific purpose.
The project employs the Random Forest Classification algorithm on customer data to identify those likely to purchase a product. Utilising a multi-class classification method, we further predict which specific product each potential lead is most likely to purchase. 
Our approach utilises historical data and various features to build a predictive model that can effectively classify potential leads into different likelihood categories and then classify according to the product. This model will not only streamline the lead identification process but also enhance the efficiency of marketing efforts, enabling a more targeted and cost-effective approach.
The project will involve various stages including data collection, data cleaning and preprocessing, feature engineering, model selection and training, and finally, model evaluation and validation. We will use DBeaver for data collection and data extraction from the database server and will use Python as a programming language for implementing and executing programs on Jupyter Notebook. 
For analysing and visualising data extracted from the database, we will be using libraries like pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, scipy, numpy, etc., and for model implementation and validation, we will use sklearn libraries like metrics, ensemble, tree, and model selection.
We aim to gain valuable insights into the practical application of machine learning techniques in the insurance industry and contribute to the ongoing efforts of PNB to expand its customer base and provide tailored insurance solutions. By leveraging the power of data and advanced algorithms, we aim to optimise lead identification, ultimately leading to increased customer base and fee based income for the bank.
